1. 段间或段内叙述结构

1）让步反驳（陈述观点，让步，反驳）
（1）……；
（2）Certainly……; Admittedly……; We cannot deny that…...; We have to admit that…...
（3）However……; Nevertheless/Nonetheless…...

2）并列陈述（一方面，而且，另外）
（1）for one thing, ……
（2）for another thing, ……; but also…;
（3）on the other hand,…; plus, ……; in addition, ……; 


2. 句间或句内结构
1）让步：
引导让步内容（尽管）：even though, although, notwithstanding, for all, albeit 
引导让步结果（尽管如此，但是...）：nevertheless, nonetheless, whereas

2）转折：
句间转折关系（但是）：however, but, nevertheless, nonetheless, whereas, yet, on the contrary, on contrary to,
局内转折关系：rather(而是), rather than(而不是), not A but B(不是A，而是B), but not A(而不是A), unless(除非)

3）因果：
引导原因（因为）：because, since, whereby(由于，凭借), by(凭借), in light of(按照，根据), by virtue of, given that…, as the consequence of 
引导结果（所以）：hence, therefore, thus, thereby, thence(因此，从此), accordingly, as a result

4）目的：
in order to do, so as to do,  for the sake of sth, for fear of (为了避免)

5）并列
和：and, as well as, 
转义（换言之）：...,in other words,…;

6）比较
（1）far less A than B （与B相比远非A）
（2）not so much A as B (与其说A，不如说B)
e.g.1: They weren’t so much islands as sandbars. 与其说他们是岛屿不如说是些沙洲。
e.g.2: The oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it. 与其说海洋分割了世界，不如说联合了世界。
（3）A not so much as B （A甚至B都没有）
e.g. : He doesn’t so much as invite his best friends. 他甚至连他最好的朋友都没有邀请。
（4）not A so much as B （不如B那样A）
e.g.1 : I haven’t seen much of the world as he. 我见过的世面没有他那么多。
e.g.2 : There is nothing in the world that I liked so much as music. 这个世界上没有比音乐更让我爱的东西了。
（5）be far more A (than B) ((比B)更加A)

7）总结
in sum, …

8）表示观点
advocate that... 
argue that…
assert
maintain
contend
in one’s opinion
as far as I am concerned
in terms of one’s perspective



3. 常用词替换

重要，关键：important, crucial, pivotal, critical, significant, vital, essential, imperative, overriding

非常，绝对，完全：very, extraordinarily, exceptionally, extremely, exceedingly, absolutely, totally, categorically, solely, nothing but, nothing short of

几乎：virtually, all but, almost, virtual, 
确实，简直：literally, decidedly(显然)

必然：necessarily, be bound to, invariably, inevitably, decidedly,

不容置疑：incontrovertible, undoubted, 

还算，还可以：fairly, reasonably, 

肯定：categorical, definitely, absolutely,

也许，可能：maybe, perhaps, probably, possibly, might, presumably, probable

事实上：in fact, actually, virtually(几乎，事实上)

关于：germane(adj.) to, pertain(v.) to, about, with respect to, in respect of, in regard to, 

凭借：by virtue of, by dint of, 

好：good, excellent, extraordinary, spectacular

正确：rightness, correctness, validity, accuracy

有误：mistake(n.), false, fallible(adj.), wrong, fail to do, hole, fallacy, loophole(close a loophole), unconvincing, questionable, unwarranted, it is too hasty to do, incogitant, be at stake,

错误，缺点：mistake, shortcoming, defect, weak point, weakness, disadvantage, drawback, foible, flaw

按照：in light of, in terms of, from, according to

依赖于：rest on, depend on, lie on

有益：be conducive to, benefit
有害：detrimental, deleterious, pernicious, malignant, impair, do harm to

支持：be for, advocate, in support of, 
反对：oppose, object to, against

解释，阐明，证实：elucidate, elaborate, corroborate, shed light on 

有倾向于：incline to do, tend to do, be apt to do, dispose sb to do sth

阻止，破坏：hamper, impede, hamstring, undermine,

防止：stave off sth, circumvent, 

各种各样：a variety of, varieties of, multifarious, assorted

有点：sort of, kind of, bit of,

突出的：salient, defining, 

大量：substantially, a great deal of, a measure of  

偶尔：occasionally, sometimes, from time to time, 

应该，最好：be supposed to do, should, would be better to do, be expected to do

大约：roughly，presumably,  arguably(可以说是)

为了：in order to do, so as to

原因：cause, reason, causative(成为原因的)

结果：result, ramification, corollary

导致：cause, result in, lead to, bring about sth, give rise to, induce, contribute to sth, call forth

影响：shed influences on, impose great impact on, have repercussions over, shape influences on 

摆脱：get rid of, be rid of, rid sb of sth

有说服力：persuasive, convincing

限制：limitation, restriction, confinement, constraint, circumscribe,

情况：circumstance, condition, scenario

事情：thing, matter, affair, event, 

证实，解释：substantiate, materialize, corroborate, demonstrate, testify, verify, confirm, affirm, sustain, validate, bear record to sth, bear out, account for, justify

粗浅的：superficial, shallow

需要：need, require

冲突：conflict with, be afflicted with, suffer from

令人怀疑的，有疑问的：suspicious, doubtable, specious(似是而非), questionable

推论，推断：inference, deduction, extrapolate(v.)

困境：embarrassment, dilemma, plight, dangerous situation

不同：different, distinct, diverse, divergent, heterogeneous, be at odds with,
相同：same, identical, uniform, consistent(consistence), congruent(congruity)

公平：equity, impartiality

合理：legitimately

充满：teem with, be rife with, be fraught with

可行的：feasible, viable, plausible, desirable
连词

转折
但是：but, however, yet, 
而：whereas
尽管，即使：nevertheless, nonetheless,  

让步
尽管：even if…, although…, though， while

递进

因果
thus, therefore

强度副词



4. 常用表达
1.）表示否定
be far from sth 远不是
stop short of 差一点，几乎

2.）包含...但不仅限于
sth include sth, but are not confined to sth

3.）在某种程度上
to some extent,
in a way, 

4.）换句话说
put another way
in other words

5.）长期
over long run
in long term
in the long run

6.）分歧
diverge on sth

)其他
proof is lacking that …

in favor of the opposing view, namely

seek to do sth 寻求做某事

from scratch 从零开始

be well on the way toward doing sth 在…上发展的很好


arguement常用词汇

fallible

assume

assumption

presupposition n. 假设，前提

presuppose v. 姑且认为；以…为前提；
e.g. We cannot presuppose the truth of his statements.

presume v. 假设；假定；设想
I presume that you know what we are talking about

postulate

side effect 副作用

be proficient in 精通

stand for 代表

stance 立场

unwarranted adj. 没有根据的

perception n. 观念，看法；洞察力

conceivable adj. 可以想象的；能想得到的
e.g. They discussed the matter from all conceivable angles.

indiscriminately adv.不加区分地


arguement常用表达

underlie v. 构成...的基础
This principle, which is taken to be valid throughout space and time, is said to underlie the method of physics.

undermine v. 破坏，削弱…（说服力，信心，权威等）

lie in sth 在于
e.g. : The difficulty lies in …

sth should be taken into account 某事应该被考虑到

be negligible in significance for 对于…，…显得微不足道

intend for 为...而准备的
e.g. music intend for children

be contingent on… 取决于

sth in question 正在讨论中的某物

have only to do A to do B 只要A就能B

fall apart, be invalid, be unsound, be untenable 有错，靠不住

examine, look into, take a close look at

as a whole 从整体上说

when it comes to sth 当涉及到

an oversimplified analogy 过于简化的对比

turn out to do sth

things rarely remain the same over extended periods of time/from place to place 事情不会一成不变的

many factors should be taken into consideration 很多因素都是需要考虑的

after this and therefore because of this 无因果关系

The causal relationship between the cause of _____ and the effect ____ is unwarranted. 

Of course, though, as is often the case (with sth), …….. 当然，尽管通常情况下…

It might be too hasty to conclude that…, as we have not obtained sufficient evidences which can be used to corroborate the relation between… and … 

meet with sth 与...相符

hold sth in check over long run 长期阻碍某物

This dichotomy has its uses, but it can cause problems if taken too literally. 这种一分为二的做法有它的用处，但如果严格来说就会带来一些问题。

举反例，either increase or decrease without bound in the long run 长期来看会没有限制的增加或减少

without bound 没有限制地

sth is a case in point 某物正是一个很好的例子

we can not include all the cases indiscriminately 我们不能不加区分的包括所有的例子

we should be wary of indiscriminately using sth, even ……

fall short in doing sth

in no sense, by no means 绝不是

for the sake of… 出于…起见，为了...

be open to debate/challenge 有待商榷

is suggestive but inconclusive 有一定可能性，但并不是确定性的

rule out sth 排除...可能性

in hopes of doing sth 为了...

the weight of evidence seems to support …

if one begins by doing sth, it becomes clear that 

take account of sth, take sth into account



常用表达

values n. 价值观

rid sb of sth

confer sth 带来，授予
e.g. Age confers competence and wisdom.

employ sth

it may ring true.

it serves to do sth

be among the leading causes of sth 是某事的主导原因之一

fulfilling life 充实的生活

sense of fulfillment 成就感

it seems extremely rush to implement such a new and relatively untried strategy at every Movies Galore location, before the effects can be fully observed and interpreted.

正向评价、负向评价、中性评价、程度

俗语

put the cart before the horse 本末倒置，轻重颠倒

have cause and effect reversed 因果倒置
take effect for cause 因果颠倒



 nothing if not

Human-caused disturbances, such as habitat destruction and the introduction of nonnative species, are among the leading causes of plant and animal population declines. Most populations are affected by a combination of adverse human pressures, each of which is in itself insufficient to trigger a population crash. Therefore, studies of population declines that focus on individual factors and thus overlook potential interactions may lead to improper management of declining
species.

a far cry from

far from

delve further into

in accordance with

resign (sb) to

namely

sth await to do sth

 under closer scrutiny
since no one has yet done any real calculations to see if it holds up under closer scrutiny.


attend disproportionately to

contrast so starkly with




